Fixes in the new commit (#20)
Daeridanii1/successors: data/successor 1 introduction.txt

					goto betterlatethannever
			action
				set "Successors FC3: captured kijra-pet"
			`	You rummage around in the other cargo containers until you find a bit of spare fabric scraps and leaf litter, a couple of handfuls of which you add to the animal's cage. With that sorted out, you make your preparations for takeoff.`
				goto end
			label takeoff
			action
				set "Successors FC3: captured kijra-pet"

> 			`	With the animal not having too many problems, you make your preparations for takeoff.`

Author: @Daeridanii1 how are you wanting this to be? This is the best wording I can think of right now, but it's not amazing.

> 			`	With the animal not having too many problems, you make your preparations for takeoff.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	With the animal stowed away, you make your preparations for takeoff.`
```
Your suggestion is a little wordy for me, but I agree that something more than "sorted" is needed. Does this phrasing work for you?

Author: My suggestion was pretty bad, I'll just say.
Yours is great.

					goto betterlatethannever
			action
				set "Successors FC3: captured kijra-pet"

> 			`	You rummage around in the other cargo containers until you find a bit of spare fabric scraps and leaf litter, a couple of handfuls of which you add to the animal's cage. With that sorted out, you make your preparations for takeoff.`

Author: Should this be changed for the other ones as well?
